beautiful skin has this gorgeous warmth
to it a beautiful flush of color from
the cheeks and of course that lit from
within glow and our brand-new CC cream
brightening disc for face and body has
all three of those it's everything you
need in one so excited about this all
three are creams so you know where our
anti-aging hello light award-winning
formula that's that gorgeous cream
Luminizer well you're gonna get that
right here it's amazing for highlighting
we've taken that same formula and we've
created the most incredible gorgeous
cream blush shade and the most beautiful
matte cream bronzer shade so all three
are gorgeous you can use them with your
favorite brush or your fingers of course
if you want to pop it in your beach bag
head on the go you can even use this
cream blush as a lip also it's a quick
little tip there this is gorgeous if you
love to contour this is also a way to do
it with creams as well which is really
really exciting and the biggest thing
about creams they really make your skin
look younger these are loaded with
peptides collagen antioxidants and they
really give you that gorgeous look of
sort of you know healthy radiant skin in
the form of creams so so excited about
this it's brand-new there's that color
correcting technology in there that
we're famous for as well and it's really
everything you need in one gorgeous
beautiful color compact so excited
take your brush that bronzer you're just
gonna go right under the cheekbone just
like that and where you apply the
bronzer especially because this is a
matte bronzer it's gonna absorb a light
it's gonna make that area look like it
goes in and then at the same time you're
gonna take that gorgeous highlight and
you're gonna go right on top of the
area's we want to really pop out right
so the cheekbones right there so you can
go from no cheekbones
- hello cheekbones right away just like
that
all with this disc
I love taking the dual-ended complexion
perfection brush the heavenly lux
this small end is amazing to get little
areas right
I love swirling it right there into that
highlight and if you want to give the
illusion of fuller lips you just go
right over the Cupid's bow area right
there I love putting a little bit of
this highlight in the center of the
bottom lip as well it's like instant
fuller lips so maybe you have a lip
color on maybe you don't it doesn't
matter
take that highlight and you just pop it
right here right in the middle and it
catches the light so it gives the
illusion of full you know volumous lips
it's a really really fun trick of course
the inner corners of the eyes to
brighten and of course underneath and
above the brow with that hollow light
gives a look of like that wide-open sort
of like look of a brow lift and then of
course right down the center of the nose
just like that
you